.TH EYE "1" "April 2009" "EyE 1.4.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
eye \- generate a non-linear SExtractor filter (``retina'')
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eye
\fI-i input\_image1\fR [\fIinput\_image2 ...\fR]
\fI-o output\_image1\fR [\fIoutput\_image2 ...\fR]
[\fI-c configuration-file\fR]
.RS
[\fI-parameter1 value1 -parameter2 value2 ...\fR]
.RE
.TP
.B eye \fI-d\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
In EyE, a neural network connected to pixels of a moving window (retina) in one
or several input image(s), is trained to associate these "stimuli" to the
corresponding response in one or several output (model) image(s).
The resulting filter can then be loaded in SExtractor to operate complex,
wildly non-linear filters on astronomical images. Typical applications of EyE
include adaptive filtering, feature detection and cosmetic corrections.
.RE
See http://terapix.iap.fr/soft/eye for more details.
.SS "Operation modes:"
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
print this help, then exit
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
print version number, then exit
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-dump\fR
dump a default configuration file
.TP
\fB\-dd\fR, \fB\-\-dump\fR
dump a more complete default configuration file
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Emmanuel Bertin (Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris and Observatoire
de Paris) and Chiara Marmo (Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris).
.PP
Copyright 1997-2003 E.Bertin, 2006 E.Bertin and C.Marmo
.RE
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <bertin@iap.fr>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR sex (1).
.PP
The full documentation for
.B EyE
is maintained as PDF and Postscript manuals available at
.B http://terapix.iap.fr/soft/eye
